			Project 1: Brand Website

	Description

Every small business has its own storefront, whether it be physical or virtual.
Storefronts provide an entry point for a customer to do business with you.
Up to this point you have been designing for physical spaces and products.
For this project, you will learn to expand a brand into a website.

Imagine a fictional business which summarizes the company's mission, values, and products/services.
You will lightly brand the company,
then develop a website based on the needs and requirements of the business and its customers.
You will be expected to do research on similar products/services, take any necessary photos,
and provide customers with an experience that reflects the company's philosophy.
This project emphasizes navigation, structure, design and html/css as the main components.


	Deliverables

Create a folder called “project-1” with sub folders for "images" and "css"
(Style the pages using a single separate CSS external file).
Test your pages along the way.

When it looks finalized, final website must be functional on both Firefox and Chrome. 

Zip and email it to your manager, with this email-subject : yourName-html-project


	Competitor Research

Find at least 3 different websites relevant to what your company does.
These sites are your competition.
In order to attract your audience to your site, you need to know what you are up against.
Compare and contrast the sites you found:

What is your first impression / first impulse?
Is the site organized and the navigation consistent?
Is there enough or too much content? Is the content interesting/relevant?
Does the appearance of the site connect with their product?
What stands out, both good and bad?
Take screen shots of relevant pages of these websites.

	Persona
Collect user data through analytics of competitors and contextual research to create a primary user persona.
Identify behavioral patterns, characteristics, biographical information, and include a photo representation.

	Content Outline
Using the original design brief as well as your competitor research,
outline the content that you will be including in your website.
Be as detailed as possible (i.e. products, descriptions, mission statement, logo, videos, contact details, etc.)
as this will help you organize your content into a sitemap.

	Concept 
Based on your competitive research, persona, and moodboard, write a detailed summary about your website's concept,
include how you will visually and structurally represent your business.

	Sitemap
Create a site map to show how your content will be organized.
Your content outline as well as an understanding of the customers needs will help you to separate content into distinct and organized pages.

	Moodboard
Collect images, colors, type specimens, etc. any any other visual inspiration that represents the character of your company.
Then compile them into a moodboard that you will use to inform your design decisions.
Understanding your company’s values will help you choose appropriate color palettes (as well as, typography, images, etc.). In addition, brainstorm a list of descriptive words that will help your build and identity. example

	Identity
Using your moodboard as a guide, create a logo and branding elements for your company. You will be keeping it simple and sticking to a logotype (either a wordmark or a letterform mark) as we will not be doing any heavy branding in this class. example

	Wireframes
Translate your sketches into wireframes for your primary and secondary page layouts, or for each unique type of page layout—for some of you this means more than three wireframes.

	Design Comps
Design three different variations of the graphic user interface—each variation must include designs for a primary and secondary page—this means a total of six design comps. You may use either Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator.

	Prototype
Your project grade is ultimately based on the final working prototype of your responsive website.
You will be building the websites using HTML5/CSS3 in the “code” mode of Dreamweaver or a chosen text editor.

 



Technical Requirements

Pages:

Main menu must be a dropdown menu.
Minimum of 5 working pages. No Splash Pages! Do not let the number 5 dictate your site-map.

- Home
- About
- Menu
- Photo Gallery
- Store
- Events
- News
- Contact

Written Content:
Write all headings and body copy. You are only allowed to use Lorem Ipsum text on areas longer than 2 paragraphs.

Assets: 
All assets must be original or copyright-free photos, videos, and/or illustrations.


Form:
Create a contact form. (POST method)

use the right type for fields

send to : http://vip.groupehn.com:20003/html/infospost.php

Web Fonts:
Minimum of 1 web font

Size: 
Width should be 960px.


Format:
HTML5/CSS3

Visit our Example here : http://37.71.185.235:20003/demo/html5/homepage.html

 

Company's mission


It is really all about you.
At MyBestCompany our goals are all about helping you meet and beat your goals. When you succeed we succeed.
It’s that simple.
We are a full-service graphic design company with a passion for conceptually driven strategic design and delivering a positive presence for your company on the internet and in print.

We are not…
- Your average turn and burn design company that really does not care about your success.

- a company with a sales person that is going to try to sell you everything including a ketchup popsicle,
then hands your project off to an intern who works for peanuts.

How we are different…
- We are a highly trained creative group with loads of real-world professional experience.
You can feel safe that the job will be done professionally.

What we can do for you.

Our collaborative group has a decades worth of professional experience in branding, logos, websites, print, photography and fine-arts; offering a full range of services. We can do it for you.
Branding
Logos represent your company and act as the heart of your branding. Your logo should tell a story about what your company does, is and stands for.
A logo might seem like a small addition to your company but it can have huge effects on growth and prosperity. We can make you stand out.

branding logo design
Websites
We build customized sites. We are in tune with the latest social marketing strategies and each site is optimized for Search Engines (SEO).
Want the ability to update your site and check analysis with ease? That’s our specialty! You can check out some of our most recent websites.

Squarespace website example
Print
Every bit of communication leaving your company has the opportunity to impress, stand out, win respect and gain new customers. You are a professional, make sure you look that way.

creative print example
Photography
Don’t settle for stock photography (people notice). Having photos taken specifically to suit your needs adds a custom look and will help to build trust with your customers.
With our photo studio on location, we can do it. You can check out some of our Photos

 

Have a look on our portofolio and let the work speak for itself.
Here is a small collection of the latest projects. We are constantly completing new projects.

How can we help you?
We would love to hear from you.
Shoot us an email.